in a world full of people sometimes
there are vampires the new guy says
there are vampires do you believe that
I'm telling you there are vampires in
this town where do they live
what are these vampires live they live
under the sea there's no such thing as
vampires yeah try telling that to the
vampires to the words I say believe me I
won't anyone believe me
these past your bedtime I can't see you
anymore they're just too many vampires
I'm sorry
vampires vampires vampires vampires
vampires maybe I want to be one of the
vampires you wouldn't do that maybe I
would you really want me to sleep with a
vampire it's the only way this is the
last stop anybody that doesn't want to
get eaten by a vampire better get off
here
just when you thought it was safe to
swim with vampires it's not you vampires
better stay off of my yard
a lot of you BAM pie your blood works
come back it's vampires it's airborne
you always think you're safe until
you're not I found a way to stop the
vampires welcome to the silver dome
it's really cold out here and there's
vampires vampires the movie vampire
summer 7185 now back to class except you
you say we might think that you're one
of them those things that there are any
such thing